Be withdrawn
What's the situation?
It was the first time I had ever seen a woman like that.
Princess hugging
It seems that female magic secrets and general Gu s relationship is not normal.
General Director Gu cares about your admission like this, if I find out that I caused trouble, I will not be able to bear it.
It's okay. Hungry?
Don't stress.
But the bruise is a bit severe.
During the insurance stay in the hospital one day to settle the procedure.
Thank you, doctor.
What?
I destroyed the data.
Gotta go see if there's a backup.
You can't delay work.
Don't worry, data with backups will not delay your work.
That's good. These two days.
You have to rest here.
Don't go anywhere.
Mr. President, this is sick leave.
You can't deduct my salary, British secretary.
The late general manager, I'll just go to your two-story office.
Of course.
It's about how many times I can drink coffee this week.
You can hit the car a few times without money.
General Director
Why are you here?
I've come to apologize to others.
It's still in the hands of the prisoners.
I don't remember much.
I remember I stumbled upon something.
Well, the person said I'm very sorry. I was in a hurry to misunderstand you in the meeting room just now.